[music]
>> Hi, I'm Ian. My job is marketing ops and
analytics, which means [music] I help
the marketing team market better with
the help of data. Every week [music] I
put together a metrics review containing
a doc with full detail for the marketing
team
>> [music]
>> and a one-slide summary for our
leadership. This used to be pulling data
from a half dozen places.
>> [music]
>> With Claude Co-work, I drop in the
week's contacts, Claude verifies the
data, and I steer [music] the narrative.
My process with Claude runs on
connectors and skills. A skill that
preps a review, a skill that proofreads
it, and a skill that manages action
[music] items.
Together, the skills capture the process
so I can run it the same way each week
and share the process with the team.
[music]
I'll show you.
So, Claude starts to work on its own.
[music]
Every Sunday evening, a scheduled task
reads last week's review [music]
and the meeting transcript, checks Slack
for what the sales team is focused on,
queries the warehouse.
Claude leaves me with a folder
containing the numbers and [music] a few
suggested focus areas. So, on Monday
morning, I open Co-work.
Good morning, Claude. How did the prep
go?
And the takeaways and suggested focus
are waiting.
Claude's really great at pulling the
numbers, but it is up to me to [music]
steer the narrative and make the call on
focus.
Some weeks we're responding to a sales
priority. Uh some weeks a product
launch. This week we're at the quarter
turn, so we should spend some time on
the team's plans.
>> [music]
>> Um let's focus on Q2 plans this week.
Can you review the QBR [music]
doc?
I drop in the quarterly review doc and
tell Claude what to lead with.
As part of the prep skill, when
something doesn't line up, Claude flags
it and asks questions instead of
guessing [music] the answer. So, this
week the sales team did tiny reorg and
our reporting doesn't match theirs
[music] anymore. Claude shows me the gap
and asks how I want to handle this.
Good call. Please follow [music] sales
team.
As part of his proofreading skill,
Claude checks that every number in the
draft
>> [music]
>> traces back to a verified data source so
I can feel confident about what we're
reporting.
The first draft is just the metrics
table and headlines. I want to make sure
the outline is right before [music] we
fill it in.
Once the headlines look good, I tell
Claude to expand them. [music]
The prep skill tells Claude to add
supporting detail and examples [music]
to help the team better understand the
main point while leaving the headlines
we agreed on exactly the same.
Once everything looks right, I say ship
it. Claude finalizes the document that
the team will read before the review
and writes the Slack message for the
team channel.
Any follow-ups become a sauna task so
nothing falls through [music] the
cracks.
Finally, Claude creates the leadership
slide from the same data and narrative.
[music] It's what changed, why, what to
do about it. One last thing.
I ask Claude what we learned during this
week's process that should go into the
skill for [music] next week.
That new sales team structure, the
corrections I made all get saved.
Claude updates the skill and because
it's a skill, I can share with the team
so anyone can [music] run it, get the
same results and dive deeper using
Claude code work.